
AWS Account Root User

AWS Account – the account which holds all your AWS resources

AWS Account – Root User – a special account with full access that cannot be deleted

AWS Account – User – a user for common tasks that are assigned permissions

AWS Account Root User is a special user who is created at the time of AWS account creation:

    The Root User account uses an Email and Password to log in
        A regular user has to provide the Account ID / Alias, Username, and Password
    The Root User account can not be deleted
    The Root User account has full permissions to the account and its permissions *cannot be limited.
        You cannot use IAM policies to explicitly deny the root user access to resources.
        You can only use an AWS Organizations service control policy (SCP) to limit the permissions of the root user
    There can only be one Root user per AWS account
    The root user is instead for very specific and specialized tasks that are infrequently or rarely performed
        An AWS Root Account should not be used for daily or common tasks
    It's strongly recommended to never use Root User Access Keys
    It's strongly recommended to turn on MFA for the Root User

Administrative Tasks that only the Root User can perform:

    Change your account settings.
        includes the account name, email address, root user password, and root user access keys.
        Other account settings, such as contact information, payment currency preference, and Regions, do not require root user credentials.
    Restore IAM user permissions.
        If the only IAM administrator accidentally revokes their own permissions, you can sign in as the root user to edit policies and restore those permissions.
    Activate IAM access to the Billing and Cost Management console.
    View certain tax invoices
    Close your AWS account.
    Change or Cancel AWS Support plan
    Register as a seller in the Reserved Instance Marketplace.
    Enable MFA Delete on an S3 Bucket.
    Edit or delete an Amazon S3 bucket policy that includes an invalid VPC ID or VPC endpoint ID.
    Sign up for GovCloud.

Reference

AWS account root user