Machine Learning and AI Services

Amazon CodeGuru is machine-learning code analysis service. CodeGuru performs code-reviews and will suggest changes to improve the quality of code. It can show visual code profiles (show the internals of your code) to pinpoint performance.

Amazon Lex is a conversion interface service. With Lex you can build voice and text chatbots

Amazon Personalize is a real-time recommendations service. Same technology used to make product recommendations to customers shopping on the Amazon platform

Amazon Polly is a text-to-speech service. Upload your text and an audio file spoken by synthesized voice is generated.

Amazon Rekognition is image and video recognition service. Analyze images and videos to detect and label objects, people, celebrities.

Amazon Transcribe is a speech-to-text service. Upload your audio file and it is converted

Amazon Textract and OCR (extract text from scanned documents) service. When you have paper forms and you want to digitally extract the data.

Amazon Translate neural machine learning translation service. Uses deep learning models to deliver more accurate and natural sounding translations.

Amazon Comprehend is a Natural Language Processor (NLP) service. Find relationships between text to produce insights. Looks at data such as Customer emails, support tickets, social media and makes predictions.

Amazon Forecast is a time-series forecasting service. Forecast business outcomes such as product demand, resource needs or financial performance.

AWS Deep Learning AMIs Amazon EC2 instances pre-installed with popular deep learning frameworks and interfaces such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Apache MXNet, Chainer, Gluon, Horovod, and Keras

AWS Deep Learning Containers Docker images instances pre-install with popular deep learning frameworks and interfaces such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, and Apache MXNet.

AWS DeepComposer is machine-learning enabled musical keyboard

AWS DeepLens is a video-camera that uses deep-learning.

AWS DeepRacer a toy race car that can be powered with machine-learning to perform autonomous driving.

Amazon Elastic Inference allows you to attach low-cost GPU-powered acceleration to EC2 instances to reduce the cost of running deep learning inference by up to 75%.

Amazon Fraud Detector is a fully managed fraud detection a service. identify potentially fraudulent online activities such as online payment fraud and the creation of fake accounts.

Amazon Kendra enterprise machine learning search engine service. Uses natural language to suggest answers to question instead of just simple keyword matching

Amazon SageMaker unified ML platform for building ML solutions end-to-end