1. Which of the following benefits of AWS cloud refers to the ability to quickly and easily provision resources?
Agility (x)
Reliability
Elasticity
Security

2. Which of the following operations would reduce costs by moving to the cloud?
Right-sizing infrastructure (o)
Using legacy software that is not compatible with the cloud
Increasing compliance scope
Manually managing infrastructure (x)

3. A company wants to review its monthly costs of using Amazon EC2 and Amazon RDS for the past year. Which AWS service or tool provides this information?
Cost Explorer (x)
Amazon CloudWatch
AWS Trusted Advisor
Amazon Forecast

4. What is the relationship between Regions and Availability Zones in AWS?
Regions are made up of multiple Availability Zones, and each Availability Zone is a distinct data center. (x)
Regions and Availability Zones refer to the same thing in AWS.
Regions are individual data centers, and Availability Zones are subdivisions within a Region.
Availability Zones are made up of multiple Regions, and each Region is a distinct data center.

5. What are the different connectivity options available in AWS?
VPN, AWS Direct Connect, and Public internet (x)
VPN and Private internet
AWS Direct Connect and Public internet
VPN, AWS Direct Connect, and Private internet

6. Which of the following is part of best practices for access key and password policies?
Password policies do not need to be updated
Passwords should not include symbols
Passwords should be shorter than 8 characters in length
Access keys should be rotated regularly (x)

7. What is the role of the Concierge in the AWS Enterprise Support Plan?
To manage AWS resources.
To serve as your primary point of contact and provide assistance with billing or account inquiries. (o)
To inspect your AWS environment and alert you of opportunities to save money
To provide technical expertise for the full range of AWS services and obtain a detailed understanding of your use case and technology architecture. (x)

8. Where can you find 3rd party security products for AWS?
AWS Marketplace (x)
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)
AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3)

9. What is Amazon Redshift used for?
Data warehousing (x)
Key-value storage
Object storage
Document-based storage

10. Which of the following benefits of AWS cloud refers to the ability to access resources and services that are always available and fault-tolerant?
High Availability (x)
Elasticity
Security
Reliability

11. How does the AWS cloud enable users to focus on business value?
By offering managed services that automate common administrative tasks (o)
By providing a comprehensive set of security services and features (x)
By providing a global infrastructure with regions and availability zones spread across the world
By offering pay-as-you-go pricing that enables users to start small and scale up as their needs grow

12. What is the role of OpEx in a TCO proposal for moving to the cloud?
It represents the ongoing costs associated with using and managing cloud services (x)
It represents the upfront costs of acquiring and maintaining hardware and software
It is not relevant to a TCO proposal for moving to the cloud
It represents the cost of licensing proprietary software

13. Which design principle suggests that instead of trying to prevent failures, the system should be designed to tolerate failures and continue functioning with minimal disruption?
Design for failure (x)
Design for security
Design for success
Design for scalability

14. What is the benefit of AWS cloud's managed services?
They enable users to pay only for the resources they use without any upfront costs or long-term commitments. (o)
They reduce the burden of managing infrastructure and allow users to focus on their core business.
They allow users to quickly and easily provision resources.
They enable users to access resources and services that are always available and fault-tolerant. (x)

15. Where can you find documentation on AWS security best practices and official documents?
AWS Knowledge Center
AWS Glue (x)
AWS Marketplace
AWS Systems Manager

16. Which of the following services allows you to securely store and retrieve objects in the cloud?
Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)
Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) (x)
Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)

17. Which AWS service provides detailed cost and usage reports?
AWS Cost and Usage Report (x)
AWS Trusted Advisor
Amazon QuickSight
AWS Marketplace

18. Which of the following scenarios would be the best fit for Reserved-Instance pricing on AWS?
A company with a steady-state workload that can be predicted in advance. (x)
A company that needs to run workloads for a short period of time.
A company with unpredictable and varying workloads that require on-demand resources.
A company that needs to frequently switch between instances with different instance types.

19. Who is responsible for enabling encryption on AWS for a given service?
Customer (x)
Third-party service provider
AWS Support team
AWS Compliance team

20. Which of the following AWS services provides a fully managed message queuing service that enables you to decouple and scale microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications?
Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) (x)
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)
Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS)
AWS Lambda

21. Where can customers find information about AWS compliance controls and requirements?
On the AWS website, third-party websites, and various compliance standards documents (x)
Only through contacting AWS customer support
Only on the AWS website
Only through purchasing an AWS compliance package

22. Which category of services on AWS includes services such as Amazon EC2, AWS Lambda, and AWS Elastic Beanstalk?
Compute (x)
Database
Storage
Network

23. Which of the following operations will reduce costs by moving to the cloud?
Using managed services like RDS, ECS, EKS, and DynamoDB. (x)
Expanding the scope of compliance reporting.
Investing in on-premises hardware and software.
Using manual processes instead of automation.

24. Which of the following AWS services enables you to launch and manage virtual machines in the cloud?
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) (x)
Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS)
Amazon CloudFront
Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)

25. What is AWS Simple Monthly Calculator?
A tool for calculating the cost of AWS services based on usage (x)
A tool for managing AWS user access
A tool for automating AWS infrastructure deployment
A tool for monitoring AWS resource utilization

26. Which of the following scenarios is best suited for Spot Instance pricing?
Running a batch processing job that can be interrupted or paused without significant impact. (x)
Running a workload that requires dedicated, on-demand capacity.
Running a production workload that requires high availability and consistent performance.
Running a workload with predictable, steady-state usage patterns.

27. What is the purpose of Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)?
(Choose 1)
To increase the security of user information. (x)
To reduce the number of authentication steps.
To decrease the security of user information.
To monitor user activity on a network.

28. Which of the following benefits of AWS cloud refers to the ability to pay only for the resources you use, without any upfront costs or long-term commitments?
Pay-as-you-go pricing (x)
Scalability
Security
Reliability

29. Which of the following AWS services enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the configuration of your AWS resources, maintain a detailed inventory of resource configurations over time, and continuously monitor and record configuration changes within your AWS account to have a historical record of these changes?
Amazon RDS
AWS Config (x)
Amazon S3
Amazon CloudFront

30. What is the main benefit of using AWS Global Accelerator?
Reducing latency and improving content delivery to end-users (x)
Enhancing network security and access control
Increasing the number of AWS Regions available for use
Providing additional data storage options for AWS services

31. What is Amazon S3 Glacier?
A low-cost storage service for data archiving and backup (x)
A high-performance block storage service
A storage service for long-term backups
A durable and scalable object storage service

32. Which of the following AWS services provides a scalable and fully-managed database service?
Amazon DynamoDB (x)
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)
Amazon EC2
Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)

33. When might an organization consider using multiple AWS Regions for low latency?
When end-users are located on different continents (x)
When end-users are located in the same city
When end-users are located in same countries
When end-users are located in the same country

34. Which of the following is true about managed policies in IAM?
They are defined and managed by the AWS Customer (x)
They are defined and managed by AWS
They cannot be modified by the AWS Customer
They can only be attached to IAM groups (o)

(35). What design principle suggests that applications should be designed to perform multiple tasks simultaneously?
Think parallel (o)
Think redundant
Think scalable (x)
Think distributed

36. Which of the following statements is true regarding achieving high availability in AWS using multiple Availability Zones?
High availability is achieved by using multiple Availability Zones. (x)
High availability can be achieved by using a single Availability Zone.
It is not possible to achieve high availability using multiple Availability Zones.
Availability Zones share a single point of failure.

37. What is the AWS Shared Responsibility Model?
A model that outlines the shared responsibilities between AWS and its customers for ensuring security and compliance in the cloud (x)
A model that outlines the shared responsibilities between AWS and its customers for financial management of AWS services
A model that outlines the shared responsibilities between AWS and third-party vendors for providing support to AWS customers
A model that outlines the shared responsibilities between AWS and its customers for managing and maintaining AWS infrastructure

38 . Which of the following is a feature of AWS Organizations?
Consolidated billing (x)
Amazon Elastic File System
Shared VPC
AWS Direct Connect

39. Which of the following benefits of AWS cloud refers to the ability to achieve cost savings by leveraging AWS's massive scale?
Economy of scale (x)
Global Reach
Security
Reliability

40. Which of the following are different ways of provisioning and operating in the AWS cloud?
All of the options (x)
Infrastructure as Code
AWS Management Console
AWS Command Line Interface (CLI)
APIs and SDKs

41. What is the purpose of security groups in AWS?
To control inbound and outbound traffic to AWS resources (x)
To monitor AWS resources for security threats
To manage user access to AWS resources
To encrypt data at rest

42. Where can you find pricing information for AWS services?
AWS Services product pages (x)
AWS CloudTrail
AWS Marketplace
AWS CloudFormation

43. Which component of the AWS global infrastructure is made up of one or more discrete data centers that have redundant power, networking, and connectivity?
Availability Zone (x)
AWS Outposts
AWS Region
Edge location

44. What are some different encryption options available on AWS?
Both at rest and in transit (x)
None of the options
Only at rest
Only in transit

45. What are the three main cloud models?
Public Cloud, Private Cloud, Hybrid (o)
On-premises, Hybrid, Virtual Machines
On-premises, Cloud-native, Hybrid (x)
Cloud-only, Hybrid, Virtual Machines

46. Which of the following benefits of AWS cloud refers to the ability to access the cloud from anywhere in the world?
Global Reach (x)
High Availability
Security
Reliability

47. According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following is the responsibility of the customer?
Managing security configurations for operating systems, platforms, and network traffic (x)
Updating and patching the firmware and software of the AWS hardware
Configuring physical security for the data center
Monitoring the underlying infrastructure of AWS services

48. Which of the following benefits of AWS cloud refers to the ability to add or remove resources on demand to meet changes in demand or spikes in traffic?
Elasticity (x)
High Availability
Security
Reliability

49. Which IAM entity is used to define permissions and access control for AWS resources?
Policies (x)
Roles
Groups
Users

50. A large company has multiple departments. Each department has its own AWS account. Each department has purchased Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances.
Some departments do not use all the Reserved Instances that they purchased, and other departments need more Reserved Instances than they purchased. The company needs to manage the AWS accounts for all the departments so that the departments can share the Reserved Instances.
Which AWS service or tool should the company use to meet these requirements?
AWS Organizations (x)
AWS Systems Manager
AWS Trusted Advisor
Cost Explorer

51. What are some reasons to consider the use of multiple AWS Regions?
For disaster recovery/business continuity, low latency for end-users, and data sovereignty (x)
None
To save costs and improve performance
To limit scalability and reduce redundancy

52. Which of the following IAM entities can be used to grant temporary access to AWS resources?
(Choose 1)
Roles (x)
All actions taken by root users are tracked and logged within AWS Billing
Users
Groups
Policies

53. What are some examples of native AWS services for network security?
Security groups, Network ACLs, AWS WAF (x)
Amazon SNS, Amazon SQS, Amazon SWF
AWS CodePipeline, AWS Lambda, AWS Elastic Beanstalk
AWS Glue, Amazon Redshift, Amazon EMR

54. Which of the following is a scenario that would best fit with On-Demand Instance pricing on AWS?
Running a development environment for a small team that only needs occasional access. (x)
Running a production database that requires consistent performance and uptime.
Running an application 24/7 with predictable, steady traffic.
Running a high-performance computing (HPC) workload that requires specific hardware configurations.

55. What is the purpose of Edge Locations in AWS?
Edge Locations are used to cache content closer to end users for faster delivery. (x)
Edge Locations are used for development and testing purposes.
Edge Locations are where AWS deploys its core infrastructure services.
Edge Locations are used to store data in the cloud.

56.Which of the following benefits of AWS cloud refers to the ability to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your data and resources?
Security
Elasticity
Reliability (o)
High Availability (x)

57. Which of the following is an example of a service in which the customer's responsibilities may shift compared to using EC2?
Amazon RDS
Amazon SQS
Amazon S3 (x)
Amazon DynamoDB

58. A company is migrating to the AWS Cloud instead of running its infrastructure on-premises.
Which of the following are advantages of this migration? (Choose two.)
(Choose 2)
Elimination of the need to perform security auditing
Increased global reach and agility (x)
Redundancy by default for all compute services (x)
Ability to deploy globally in minutes

59. What is AWS Direct Connect?
A private internet connection provided by AWS
A dedicated network connection provided by AWS between a customer’s datacenter and AWS (x)
A VPN connection provided by AWS
A public internet connection provided by AWS

60. Which of the following resources for technology support on AWS provides technical guidance, planning, and ongoing support to help customers achieve their business objectives?
AWS Support Cases (x)
Technical Account Managers
Premium Support
AWS Abuse

61. What is the primary purpose of AWS User and Identity Management capabilities?
To host scalable web applications in the cloud
To securely store data in the cloud
To create secure backups of data in the cloud
To allow users to access resources in the cloud (x)

62. Which of the following AWS services provides a fully managed serverless computing platform that enables you to run code without provisioning or managing servers?
Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS)
AWS Lambda (x)
Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS)
Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)

63. What is the role of capital expenses (CapEx) in a Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) proposal?
They are expenses related to employee salaries and benefits.
They are a one-time cost associated with the purchase of physical assets.
They are expenses related to software licensing and maintenance. (x)
They are ongoing expenses related to the operation and maintenance of physical assets.

64. Which two benefits can be gained from migrating to the AWS Cloud? (Choose 2)
(Choose 2)
Increased staff retention
Business Excellence
Business agility
Operational resilience
Discounts for products on Amazon.com