1. Which AWS service collects performance metrics from EC2 instances?
CloudSearch
CloudWatch (x)
CloudTrail
CloudFront

2. Who has control of the data security in an AWS account?
AWS Security Team
AWS Account Owner (x)
AWS Technical Account Manager (TAM)
AWS Support Team

(3). Which AWS can be used to mitigate DDoS attacks?
(Choose 2)
AWS EC2 (x)
AWS Shield (x) (o)
S3
Cloudfront (o)

4. There is a requirement to host a database server for a minimum period of one year. Which of the following would result in the least cost?
On-Demand
Partial Upfront costs Reserved (x)
No Upfront costs Reserved
Spot Instances

5. Which of the following is NOT a feature of an Edge Location?
Cache common responses
Distribute load across multiple resources (x)
Used in conjunction with the CloudFront service
Distribute content to users

(6). As per the AWS Customer Support Policy, penetration testing of EC2 instances:
May be performed by the customer on their own instances without prior approval from AWS.
Are expressly prohibited under all circumstances.
May be performed by the customer on their own instances, only if performed from EC2 instances. (x)
May be performed by AWS, and is periodically performed by AWS. (o)
May be performed by AWS, and will be performed by AWS upon customer request.

7. How can you add another layer of protection to your AWS root account?
AWS Trusted Advisor
MFA (x)
AWS Cognito
Password Policies

8. Which of the following can be used to secure EC2 Instances hosted in AWS.
(Choose 2)
Usage of AMI’s
Usage of Network Access Control Lists (x)
Usage of the Internet gateway
Usage of Security Groups (x)

9. Which of the following statements is true for Elastic Load Balancer?
ELB will route traffic based on a set of user defined rules for multiple AWS resources
ELB distributes traffic to multiple EC2 Instances (x)
ELB will change the size of instances to meet the demand of traffic
ELB will dynamically create new EC2 instances to meet traffic demands

10. Which service should an administrator use to register a new domain name with AWS?
Elastic Load Balancing
Amazon Route 53 (x)
Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)
Amazon Cloud Front

11. Which service allows an administrator to create and modify AWS user permissions?
AWS Cloud Trail
AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) (x)
AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
AWS Config

12. Which of the following is the responsibility of the AWS customer according to the Shared Security Model?
Monitoring physical device security
Managing AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) (x)
Implementing service organization Control (SOC) standards
Securing edge locations

13. What AWS feature enables a user to manage services through a web-based user interface?
AWS Software Development Kit (SDK)
AWS Management Console (x)
Amazon CloudWatch
AWS Application Programming Interface (API)

14. Which AWS service automates infrastructure provisioning and administrative tasks for an analytical data warehouse?
Amazon ElastiCache
Amazon Redshift (x)
Amazon Aurora
Amazon DynamoDB

(15). You plan to deploy an application on the AWS. This application needs to be PCI Compliant Which of the below steps are needed to ensure the compliance? Choose 2 answers from the below:
(Choose 2)
Ensure the AWS Services are made PCI Compliant (o)
Ensure the right steps are taken during application development for PCI Compliance
Do an audit after the deployment of the application for PCI Compliance (x) (o)
Choose AWS services which are PCI Compliant (x)

(16). You need to host a file in a location that's publicly accessible from anywhere in the world. Which AWS service would best meet that need?
RDS
S3 (x)
EBS (o)
EC2

17. A developer has a web application that is behind an Application Load Balancer. They want to protect their web app against common attack patterns, such as SQL injection or cross-site scripting.
Which AWS Service will meet this requirement?
AWS Shield
AWS WAF (x)
AWS GuardDuty
AWS Security Hub

18. Which of the following is the responsibility of the customer when ensuring that data on EBS volumes is left safe
Attaching volumes to EC2 Instances
Creating EBS snapshots (x)
Creating copies of EBS Volumes
Deleting the data when the device is destroyed

19. A company has to hold onto digital files for accounting purposes for at least seven years. In the rare event they need to access those files in case of audit, they need to recover those files in a day or two. Which AWS service is the most cost effective solution for storing their digital files?
Amazon S3
Amazon S3 Glacier (x)
Amazon EBS
AWS Storage Gateway

20. Which AWS services can be used to store files
(Choose 2)
Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) (x)
AWS Config
Amazon Athena
Amazon CloudWatch
Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) (x)

21. Which AWS service is used as a global content delivery network (CDN)?
Amazon CloudTrail
Amazon CloudFront (x)
Amazon S3
Amazon SES

(22). Which of the following features of RDS allows for data redundancy across regions
Using snapshots
Creating Read Replica’s (o)
Using Multi-AZ feature
Cross region replication (x)

23. What is the advantage of decoupling services vs having a large monolithic application?
Better data flow between IP socks
Reduce inter-dependencies so failures do not impact critical services (x)
Improved Performance
Create a tightly integrated application

24. Which of the following are a collection of data centers within a specific region?
AWS Origins
Availability Zones (x)
Edge Locations
Regions

25. Which of the following disaster recovery deployment mechanisms that has the lowest downtime
Backup Restore
Warm standby (x)
Devops
Pilot light

26. Which AWS Tool allows you to interact with AWS services within programming languages?
AWS CLI
AWS SDK (x)
AWS Config
AWS Console

27. The Trusted Advisor service provides insight regarding which five categories of an AWS account?
Security, access control, high availability, performance and Service Limits
Performance, cost optimization, security, fault tolerance, and Service Limits (x)
Performance, cost optimization, access control, connectivity and Service Limits
Security, fault tolerance, high availability, connectivity and Service Limits

28. A company has an EC2 instance running and suddenly the server was terminated. It's suspected that a junior developer may have terminated this instance by mistake.
Which AWS service will help determining who was responsible?
AWS Inspector
CloudTrail (x)
CloudWatch Logs
Trusted Advisor

29. You are currently hosting an infrastructure and most of the EC2 instances are near 90 – 100% utilized and you expect this to continue for at least a year. What is the type of EC2 instances you would utilize to ensure costs are minimized?
Spot Instances
Reserved Instances (x)
Dedicated Host Instances
On-Demand Instances

30. There is an external audit being carried out on your company. The IT auditor needs to have a log of all access to the AWS resources in the company’s account. Which of the below services can assist in providing these details?
AWS EC2
AWS CloudTrail (x)
AWS SNS
AWS Cloudwatch

31. A company wants to self-host a database in AWS. How would you ideally implement this solution?
Using the AWS RDS service
Hosting a database on an EC2 Instance (x)
Using the Amazon Aurora service
Using the AWS DynamoDB service

32. Which of the following are principles of sound cloud design?
(Choose 4)
Disposable resources (x)
Assume everything will fail. (x)
Tightly-coupled components
Scalability (x)
Infrastructure as code (x)

(33). Which of the following are advantages of having infrastructure hosted on the AWS Cloud?
Choose 2 answers from the options given below.
(Choose 2)
Having complete control over the physical infrastructure
No Upfront costs (o)
Having no need to worry about security (x)
Having the pay as you go model (x) (o)

34. What best describes the Principle of Least Privilege (PoLP)?
Users should submit all access requests in written form so that there is a paper trail of who needs access to different AWS resources.
Users should be granted permission to access only specific resource actions to accomplish their tasks. (x)
Users should always have a little more access granted to them then they need, just in case they end up needed it in the future.
All users should have the same baseline permissions granted to them to use basic AWS services.

35. Which AWS service will help you visualize your day to day costs in AWS?
AWS Budgets
AWS Cost Explorer (x)
AWS Trusted Advisor
AWS TCO

36. There is a requirement for a development and test environment with an uptime of at least 95% for three months. Which would you use?
No Upfront costs Reserved
On-Demand (x)
Partial Upfront costs Reserved
Spot Instances

37. How can you protect your AWS account against unauthorized access?
Request root access privileges
Apply Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) (x)
Disable AWS console access
Set up a secondary password

(38). Which AWS service allows you to link multiple AWS accounts together?
(Choose 2)
AWS Config (o)
AWS Organizations (x) (o)
IAM (x)
AWS Consolidated Billing

39. What is the value of having AWS Cloud services accessible through an Application Programming Interface (API)?
All application testing can be managed by AWS.
It allows developers to work with AWS resources programmatically (x)
Customer–owned, on–premises infrastructurebecomes programmable.
AWS resources will always be cost-optimized

40. Which of the below can be used to import data into Amazon Glacier?
(Choose 3)
AWS Glacier API (x)
AWS S3 Lifecycle policies (x)
AWS Console
AWS Glacier SDK (x)

(41). Which of the following MySQL-compatible databases has the capability to automatically scale up its storage size?
Amazon RDS Microsoft SQL Server
Amazon Aurora (o)
Amazon RDS MySQL (x)
Amazon DynamoDB

42. Which AWS service is designed to store data as objects?
SNS
Amazon S3 (x)
SQS
Amazon EBS

43. According to AWS, the benefit of Elasticity is:
Enable AWS to automatically select the most cost-effective services.
Create systems that scale to the required capacity based on changes in demand (x)
Accelerate the design process because recovery from failure is automated, reducing the need for testing
Minimize storage requirements by reducing logging and auditing activities

44. Which of the following is a fully managed NoSQL database service available with AWS?
AWS Redshift
AWS DynamoDB (x)
AWS DocumentDB
AWS RDS

(45). Which AWS Support plan gives access to a Support Concierge?
(Choose 2)
Developer
Enterprise (x) (o)
Business (x)
Enterprise On-Ramp (o)

46. Which AWS service provides infrastructure security optimization recommendations?
Reserved Instances
AWS Trusted Advisor (x)
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) SpotFleet
AWS Application Programming Interface(API)

47. Which AWS service allows you to apply Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) to your AWS user account?
Trusted Advisor
IAM (x)
AWS Shield
AWS Config

48. Which of the following is a benefit of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) over on-premise physical servers?
The ability to choose hardware vendors
Paying only for what you use (x)
Root /administrator access
Automated backup

49. Which of the below mentioned services can be used to host virtual servers on AWS?
AWS Server
AWS EC2 (x)
AWS Regions
AWS IAM

50. Which of the following security requirements are managed by the AWS customer?
(Choose 2)
User permissions (x)
Disk disposal
Hardware patching
Physical security
Password Policies (x)

(51). When creating security groups, which of the following is a responsibility of the customer. Choose 2 answers from the options given below.
(Choose 2)
Ensure the rules are applied immediately
Defining the rules as per the customer requirements. (x)
Ensure the security groups are linked to the Elastic Network interface (x) (o)
Giving a name and description for the security group (o)

(52). A company is deploying a three-tier, highly available web application to AWS. Which service provides durable storage for static content while utilizing lower Overall CPU resources for the Business layer?
Amazon EC2 Instance Store
Amazon S3 (o)
Amazon RDS Instance
Amazon EBS volume (x)

53. You work for a company that plans to use the AWS EC2 service. Currently, the company creates golden images of their production Operating System. Which of the following corresponds to a golden image in AWS?
EBS Snapshots
Amazon Machines Images (x)
EC2 Copies
EBS Volumes

54. Your company is considering migrating to AWS. Which service should you use to do a cost comparison between on-premise and AWS?
AWS Cost Explorer
AWS Pricing Calculator (x)
AWS Consolidating Billing
AWS Config

55. There is a requirement to store objects. The objects are downloaded via a URL. Which storage option would you choose?
Amazon Storage Gateway
Amazon S3 (x)
Amazon EBS
Amazon Glacier

56. When architecting for the cloud AWS has a best practice called Design for failure and nothing will fail. Which of the following would provide the greatest amount of fault-tolerance?
Deploying your application across multiple Edge Locations
Deploying an application across multiple Availability Zones and Regions (x)
Setting CloudWatch Events to create scheduled automated backups.
Utilizing a Load Balancer and Auto Scaling Groups

(57). A Disaster Recovery Strategy on AWS should be based on launching resources in a separate :
Security Group
AWS Region (o)
Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) (x)
Subnet

58. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Spot instances would be most appropriate for which of the following scenarios:
Workloads that need to run for long periods of time without interruption
Workloads where the availability of the Amazon EC2 instances can be flexible (x)
Workloads that are critical and need Amazon EC2 instances with termination protection
Workloads that are only run in the morning and stopped at night

59. Which of the following is a benefit of running an application across two Availability Zones?
It is more secure than running in a single Availability Zone.
It increases the availability of an application compared to running in a single Availability Zone. (x)
It significantly reduces the total cost of ownership versus running in a single Availability Zone.
Performance is improved over running in a single Availability Zone.

60. Your company has a set of EC2 Instances hosted in AWS. There is a requirement to create snapshots from the EBS volumes attached to these EC2 Instances in another geographical location. As per this requirement , where would you create the snapshots
In another data center
In another Region (x)
In another Edge location
In another Availability Zone

61. Which of the following services uses AWS Edge Locations?
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
Amazon CloudFront (x)
AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)

62. Where can a customer go to get more detail about Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) billing activity that took place 3 months ago?
AWS Trusted Advisor Dashboard
AWS Cost Explorer (x)
AWS Cloud Trail logs stored in Amazon Simple StorageService (Amazon S3)
Amazon EC2 Dashboard

63. Which of the following statements is true for Autoscaling Groups?
They distribute traffic to AWS resources across multiple regions
They scale up resources based on demand (x)
They increase the size of the EC2 Instance based on demand
They distribute traffic to multiple EC2 Instances

64. A company is planning to use AWS to host critical applications. Most of their systems are business critical and need to have response times less than 15 minutes. Which of the following support plans should they consider?
Developer
Enterprise (x)
Business
Basic

65. What is the AWS feature that enables fast, easy, and secure transfers of files over long distances between your client and your Amazon S3 bucket?
HTTP Transfer
Transfer Acceleration (x)
EC2 Acceleration
File Transfer