1. Which of the following services uses AWS Edge Locations?
AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
Amazon CloudFront (x)
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)

2. A Site Reliability Engineer has been tasked with implementing a Disaster Recovery (DR) strategy at the lowest cost possible.
Which DR strategy will meet this requirement?
Multi-site active
Backup and Restore (x)
Warm Standby
Pilot Light

3. A company is deploying a two-tier, highly available web application to AWS. The application needs a storage layer to store artefacts such as photos and videos. Which of the following services can be used as the underlying storage mechanism.
Amazon RDS instance
Amazon S3 (x)
Amazon EC2 instance store
Amazon EBS volume

4. Which AWS service provides managed databases?
Amazon S3
Amazon RDS (x)
Amazon EMR
Amazon Athena

5. A company wants to run a development environment for their web application which is backed by the relational database Postgres.
Which AWS service would best meet their requirements?
AWS Postgres
RDS (x)
DynamoDB
Amazon Aurora

6. Which of the below cannot be used to get data onto Amazon S3 Glacier?
AWS S3 Lifecycle policies (x)
AWS Console
AWS Glacier SDK
AWS Glacier API

7. Which of the following are different ways of provisioning and operating in the AWS cloud?
Infrastructure as Code
All of the options (x)
AWS Command Line Interface (CLI)
AWS Management Console
APIs and SDKs

8. A company needs to establish a connection between two VPCs. The VPCs are located in two different AWS Regions. The company wants to use the existing infrastructure of the VPCs for this connection.
Which AWS service or feature can be used to establish this connection?
VPC peering (x)
VPC endpoints
AWS Client VPN
AWS Direct Connect

9. What are the four levels of AWS Premium Support?
All support is free
Developer, Business, Enterprise On-Ramp, Enterprise (x)
Developer, Business, Free, Basic
Basic, Startup, Business, Enterprise

10. Which component of the AWS global infrastructure is made up of one or more discrete data centers that have redundant power, networking, and connectivity?
Availability Zone
AWS Outposts
AWS Region (x)
Edge location

11. A company is planning to use AWS to host critical applications. Most of their systems are business critical and need to have response times less than 15 minutes. Which of the following support plans should they consider?
Business
Enterprise (x)
Developer
Basic

12. Which AWS services are managed database services? (Choose two.)
(Choose 2)
Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
Amazon RDS (x)
Amazon DynamoDB (x)
Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
Amazon S3

13. A video game company has their game server residing in US-EAST-1 (North Virginia).
They want to expand their userbase to all of North America quickly. However, their DevOps team says it will take months to automate the infrastructure as code to deploy servers to other regions.
Which AWS service would immediately improve the latency to other regions to begin expanding their userbase?
AWS VPN
AWS Global Accelerator (x)
AWS Direct Connect
Amazon CloudFront

14. A company must securely transfer 6 terabytes to AWS from their on-premise environment.
Which AWS transfer storage should best meet this requirement?
AWS Snowcone (x)
AWS S3
AWS Glue
AWS Storage Gateway
AWS Snowball

15. What is a use case for considering the use of multiple AWS Regions related to data sovereignty?
To comply with local regulations (x)
To improve security
To minimize the cost of data transfer
To simplify resource management

16. Which of the following AWS services provides a fully managed message queuing service that enables you to decouple and scale microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications?
Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) (x)
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)
Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS)
AWS Lambda

17. You have a variable and intermittent workload, so you want to use a compute service that allows you to pay only for the compute resources you use, without paying for compute time when your code isn’t running. Which of the following services should you use?
Lightsail
Lambda (x)
ECS
EC2

18. You need to automate EC2 resource provisioning to meet demand. Which AWS service can help you accomplish this?
Application Load Balancer
Auto Scaling (x)
EC2 container Service
Elastic Load Balancer

19. Which of the following service is most useful when a Disaster Recovery method is triggered in AWS?
Amazon Inspector
Amazon Route 53 (x)
Amazon SQS
Amazon SNS

20. True or False: A Distribution is what we call a series of Edge Locations that make up CDN.
True (x)
False

21. Which of the following AWS services should you use if you'd like to be notified when you have crossed a billing threshold? (Choose 2)
(Choose 2)
AWS Cost Allocation
CloudWatch (x)
Trusted Advisor
AWS Budget (x)

22. You need a managed, low-cost relational database solution for your e-commerce store. Which of the following should you use?
AWS ElastiCache
RDS (x)
DynamoDB
MySQL on EC2

23. In AWS, which security aspects are the customer’s responsibility?
(Choose 4)
Controlling physical access to computing resources
None
Decommissioning storage devices
Encryption of EBS (Elastic Block Storage) volumes (x)
Security Group and ACL (Access Control List)settings (x)
Patch management on the EC2 instance’s guest operating system (x)
Life-cycle management of IAM credentials (x)

24. Which AWS service provides infrastructure security optimization recommendations?
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) SpotFleet
AWS Trusted Advisor (x)
Reserved Instances
AWS Application Programming Interface(API)

25. Which AWS service is used to scan AWS resources for security vulnerabilities and compliance violations?
AWS Inspector (x)
AWS IAM
AWS Shield
AWS Config

26. Which of the following acts as an instance-level firewall to control inbound and outbound access?
Security groups (x)
Virtual private gateways
Network access control list
AWS Trusted Advisor 

27. Which of the following is a best practice for securing an Amazon EC2 instance?
Restricting access using security groups and network ACLs (x)
Running all services as the root user
Using a static IP address for remote access
Disabling automatic security updates

28. Where can you find information about AWS compliance controls?
(Choose 1)
AWS website and AWS Compliance Center (x)
AWS Analytics and Monitoring
AWS Console and AWS Admin Center
AWS Admin Center only

29. True or False: It’s best practice not to use IAM Roles for applications that run on EC2 instances.
False (x)
True

30. What is the purpose of Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)?
(Choose 1)
To increase the security of user information. (x)
To reduce the number of authentication steps.
To decrease the security of user information.
To monitor user activity on a network.

31. What acts as a firewall that controls the traffic allowed to reach one or more instances?
EC2
Security group (x)
IAM
ACL

32. What are some different encryption options available on AWS?
Both at rest and in transit (x)
None of the options
Only at rest
Only in transit

33. Which of the following service enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources?
AWS SNS
AWS Config (x)
AWS Cloudwatch
AWS CloudTrail

34. The customer is responsible for security in the cloud.
True (x)
False

35. Which of the following can be used to secure EC2 Instances hosted in AWS.
(Choose 2)
Usage of the Internet gateway
Usage of Network Access Control Lists (x)
Usage of AMI’s
Usage of Security Groups (x)

36. Which of the following is true about managed policies in IAM?
They are defined and managed by the AWS Customer (x)
They are defined and managed by AWS
They cannot be modified by the AWS Customer
They can only be attached to IAM groups

37. Which tasks are the responsibility of AWS, according to the AWS shared responsibility model? (Choose two.)
(Choose 2)
Maintain least privilege access to the root user account.
Upgrade the firmware of the network infrastructure. (x)
Maintain the physical security of edge locations. (x)
Patch the Amazon EC2 guest operating system.
Apply password rotation for IAM users.
38. Where can you find documentation on AWS security best practices and official documents?
AWS Knowledge Center
AWS Glue
AWS Marketplace
AWS Systems Manager

39. Where can you find documentation on AWS security best practices and official documents?
AWS Knowledge Center (x)
AWS Glue
AWS Marketplace
AWS Systems Manager

40. What is a document that provides a formal statement of one or more permissions?
Resource
Policy (x)
Role
Permission

41. You are an AWS Enterprise customer with questions about billing and you overall AWS account? Which of the following AWS support personnel should you contact?
AWS Support (x)
AWS Concierge
AWS Billing and Accounts
AWS Technical Account Manager

42. Which of the following can be used to view one bill when you have multiple AWS Accounts?
IAM
Consolidated billing (x)
Cost Explorer
Combined Billing

43. Which of the following can be used to view one bill when you have multiple AWS Accounts?
IAM
Consolidated billing (x)
Cost Explorer
Combined Billing

44. Which of the following options is the recommended way to get billing support on AWS?
Open a billing support case (x)
Use third-party partners and tools
Contact your account manager
Use the AWS Billing and Cost Management dashboard

45. Which of the following is a factor when calculating Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) for the AWS Cloud?
The number of keys migrated to AWS
The number of servers migrated to AWS (x)
The number of passwords migrated to AWS
The number of users migrated to AWS

46. An enterprise using AWS wants to provide to its billing department a detailed breakdown of the costs and usage of various services.
They want the report in a CSV file for the month to the current date so they can analyze the data within Microsoft Excel.
Which AWS Billing service would meet this requirement?
AWS Budgets
AWS Cost and Usage Reports (x)
AWS Pricing Calculator
AWS Cost Explorer

47. How can multiple AWS accounts aid in allocating costs across departments?
By providing separate billing for each department (x)
By allowing departments to share resources without additional costs
By consolidating billing into a single payment
By providing separate access control for each department

48. In order to predict the cost of moving resources from on-premise to the cloud, which of the following can be used?
AWS Trusted Advisor
AWS Pricing Calculator (x)
AWS WAF
AWS Inspector

49. Which of the following EC2 instance types will realize a savings over time in exchange for a contracted term-of-service?
On-demand instances
Reserved instances (x)
Spot instances
Discount instances

50. An enterprise using AWS wants to provide to its billing department a detailed breakdown of the costs and usage of various services.
They want the report in a CSV file for the month to the current date so they can analyze the data within Microsoft Excel.
Which AWS Billing service would meet this requirement?
AWS Budgets
AWS Cost and Usage Reports (x)
AWS Pricing Calculator
AWS Cost Explorer

51. Your company is considering migrating to AWS. Which service should you use to do a cost comparison between on-premise and AWS?
AWS Consolidating Billing
AWS Pricing Calculator
AWS Cost Explorer (x)
AWS Config

52. Which benefit of the AWS Cloud ensures that resources are always available and performing as expected, with minimal downtime or interruptions?
Elasticity
Reliability (x)
High Availability
Security

53. A company wants to have a database hosted on AWS. As much as possible they want to have control over the database itself. Which of the following would be an ideal option for this.
Using the Amazon Aurora service
Hosting on the database on an EC2 Instance (x)
Using the AWS RDS service
Using the AWS DynamoDB service

52. Which of the following benefits of AWS cloud refers to the ability to access resources and services that are always available and fault-tolerant?
High Availability (x)
Elasticity
Security
Reliability

53. Which of the following benefits would be attractive to a company moving from on-premise to AWS? (Choose 3)
(Choose 3)
Control of Physical Servers
Cost-Effective (x)
Secure (x)
Flexible (x)

54. Which of the following benefits of AWS cloud refers to the ability to pay only for the resources you use, without any upfront costs or long-term commitments?
Pay-as-you-go pricing (x)
Scalability
Security
Reliability

55. A company is migrating to the AWS Cloud instead of running its infrastructure on-premises.
Which of the following are advantages of this migration? (Choose two.)
(Choose 2)
Increased global reach and agility (x)
Redundancy by default for all compute services (x)
Ability to deploy globally in minutes
Elimination of the need to perform security auditing

56. Which of the following is not AWS responsibility under the Shared Responsibility Model?
Physical Security of AWS datacenters
Customer data (x)
Networking
Hypervisors

57. Which of the following benefits of AWS cloud refers to the ability to achieve cost savings by leveraging AWS's massive scale?
Economy of scale (x)
Global Reach
Security
Reliability

58. How does the AWS cloud enable users to focus on business value?
By offering managed services that automate common administrative tasks
By providing a comprehensive set of security services and features
By providing a global infrastructure with regions and availability zones spread across the world
By offering pay-as-you-go pricing that enables users to start small and scale up as their needs grow (x)

59. Which of the following disaster recovery deployment mechanisms that has the lowest downtime
Devops
Warm standby (x)
Backup Restore
Pilot light

60. Which of the following is a serverless compute offering from AWS?
AWS SQS
AWS Lambda (x)
AWS SNS
AWS EC2

61. You want to take a snapshot of an EC2 Instance and create a new instance out of it. In AWS what is this snapshot equivalent to?
EBS Snapshot
AMI
EC2 Snapshot (x)
EBS Volumes

62. Which of the following operations would reduce costs by moving to the cloud?
Right-sizing infrastructure (x)
Using legacy software that is not compatible with the cloud
Increasing compliance scope
Manually managing infrastructure

63. Which is a significant financial benefit of shifting on-premises data center systems to AWS?
CAPEX upfront costs are lower, adding increased privacy and security as well as computing power over time
Replaces upfront capital expenses (CAPEX) with low variable costs over time (x)
Replaces variable operational expenses (OPEX) with low upfront capital expenses (CAPEX) over time
Replaces upfront operational expenses (OPEX) with low variable operational expenses (OPEX) over time

64. A new company has decided they will exclusively run all of their infrastructure on AWS.
What is the name of this cloud deployment model?
(Choose 2)
On-Premise (x)
Cloud-Native
Hybrid (x)
Cloud-First

65. Which of the following best describes the ability to scale computing resources up or down easily, while only paying for the resources used?
Scalability
Elasticity (x)
Fault-tolerance
High Availability