1. Which AWS service allows developers to write their Infrastructure as Code? (IaC)
AWS CodeStar
AWS IaC
AWS Config
Amazon CloudFront
AWS CloudFormation (x)

2. A video game company has their game server residing in US-EAST-1 (North Virginia).
They want to expand their userbase to all of North America quickly. However, their DevOps team says it will take months to automate the infrastructure as code to deploy servers to other regions.
Which AWS service would immediately improve the latency to other regions to begin expanding their userbase?
Amazon CloudFront
AWS VPN
AWS Direct Connect
AWS Global Accelerator (x)

3. A Site Reliability Engineer has been tasked with implementing a Disaster Recovery (DR) strategy at the lowest cost possible.
Which DR strategy will meet this requirement?
Pilot Light
Multi-site active
Warm Standby
Backup and Restore (x)

4. An AWS Availability Zone (AZ) is a single point of failure. To avoid a single point of failure, a company needs to deploy its workload across multiple AZs in the same AWS Region.
TRUE (x)
FALSE

5. What is the AWS Personal Health Dashboard?
a service that integrates with the AWS smart bracelet to monitor your health
provides real-time updates about COVID-19 vaccination status
detects Protected health information (PHI) within AWS storage and database accounts
alerts and guidance for AWS events that might affect your environment (x)

6. Which AWS Support Plans provide access to ONLY the Service Quota and basic Security checks in Trusted Advisor?
(Choose 2)
Developer (x)
Enterprise
Business
Basic (x)

7. A company needs a dedicated connection from their on-premise data center to their AWS Cloud VPC.
Which AWS service will meet this requirement?
Amazon Connect
Route53
VPC Peering
AWS Direct Connect (x)

8. A developer needs to block specific IP addresses from reaching an EC2 instance.
Which AWS Networking component can meet this requirement?
IAM Policy
Security Groups
ACLs
AWS IP Block
NACLs (x)

9. An AWS customer believes that one of their accounts has been comprised and it has resources running compute workloads performing illegal activities.
What action should the AWS customer take?
AWS Account Support
AWS Access Analyzer
AWS Technical Support
Contact abuse@amazonaws.com (x)

10. Which two AWS services utilize Edge Locations?
(Choose 2)
AWS Global Accelerator (x)
Amazon SageMaker
Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS)
Amazon CloudFront  (x)

11. An organization has a workload that needs to remain available in case of datacenter wide network failure.
Which AWS service will allow them to distribute their workload across multiple instances in different Availability Zones in the same region?
AWS Compute Distrbute
EC2 Auto Scaling
Elastic Load Balancer (x)

12. For Basic Support, what Trusted Advisor checks are available to the AWS customer?
(Choose 2)
MFA on Root Account (x)
Amazon EBS Snapshots (x)
Low Utilization Amazon EC2 Instances
Service Limits

13. A company must securely transfer 6 terabytes to AWS from their on-premise environment.
Which AWS transfer storage should best meet this requirement?
AWS Glue
AWS Snowball
AWS S3
AWS Storage Gateway
AWS Snowcone (x)

14. A company has a web application built in Ruby on Rails and they want to deploy their web application to AWS without needing to fully understand how to configure and manage the underlying infrastructure so they can just focus on their code.
Which AWS service would meet this requirement?
AWS CloudFormation
Amazon EC2
AWS Heroku
AWS Elastic Beanstalk (x)

15. Which AWS service is a message queue service used by applications to exchange messages through a polling model and can be used to decouple sending and receiving components?
SES
Kinesis
SNS
SQS (x)

16. An organization wants to build their next web application on AWS. They have decided they should begin the project by purchasing a domain name and then pointing the domain to a static website hosted on S3.
Which AWS Service can be used to purchase and manage their domain name records?
AWS DNS
You cannot purchase domain names on AWS. Use a third-party service like GoDaddy Let AWS manage the domain
Amazon CloudFront
Amazon Route53 (x)

17. A small business wants to deploy a Wordpress website with a custom domain on AWS but they have minimal knowledge of AWS.
Which AWS service offering would be the easiest solution for this customer?
AWS Elastic Beanstalk
AWS Amplify
AWS CodeStar (x)
Amazon LightSail

18. A Canadian company needs to meet regulatory compliance where the data must reside within Canada. Their CIO has experience with maintaining and trusting on-premise infrastructure because it provides a guarantee of Data sovereignty. However, they would like to use an AWS service to take care of this for them.
Which AWS service provides a guarantee of Data sovereignty?
AWS Data Sovereignty
AWS Artifact
AWS Data Lake
AWS Security Hub
AWS Outposts (x)

19. A company wants to run a development environment for their web application which is backed by the relational database Postgres.
Which AWS service would best meet their requirements?
Amazon Aurora
AWS Postgres
DynamoDB
RDS (x)

20. Which two AWS Networking services can be used to protect incoming traffic?
(Choose 2)
NACLs (x)
VPC Flow Logs
Amazon VPC IP Address Manager (IPAM)
Security Groups (x)

21. A large accounting firm wants to utilize AWS to store customer accounting information in archive storage and must store this information for seven years due to regulatory compliance.
Which AWS service will meet this requirement?
Amazon Elastic Block Store
S3 Infrequent access
Snowball
AWS Backup
Glacier (x)

22. An enterprise is evaluating whether to adopt AWS to offload most of their on-premise Virtual Machines to Ec2. The enterprise does not have much domain expertise and they need a point of contact that will help proactivity manage their account and connect them with AWS experts.
Which Enterprise offering does this best describe?
Concierge Support Team
Werner Hans Peter Vogels
AWS Technical Support
TAM (x)

23. A developer wants to gain remote access to an EC2 Instance running Linux without the need of managing a key pair.
What EC2 feature will meet this requirement?
EC2 Key Pairs (x)
AWS Key Management Service (KMS)
AWS IAM Role
Sessions Manager

24. Which AWS security services are used in mitigating DDoS attacks?
(Choose 3)
Security Groups
AWS Shield Advanced (x)
NACLs
AWS WAF (x)
AWS Shield (x)

25. What is the recommended measure for protecting your root account?
(Choose 2)
Write down your password on paper and store it in a vault
Delete all access keys
Principle of Least Privledge
Rotate secret keys (x)
MFA (x)

26. What best describes the Principle of Least Privilege (PoLP)?
All users should have the same baseline permissions granted to them to use basic AWS services.
Users should always have a little more access granted to them then they need, just in case they end up needed it in the future.
Users should submit all access requests in written form so that there is a paper trail of who needs access to different AWS resources.
Users should be granted permission to access only specific resource actions to accomplish their tasks. (x)

27. Which AWS security services are capable of detecting publicly accessible S3 buckets in an organization where multiple departments manage their own AWS accounts?
(Choose 2)
Amazon Detector
Amazon Macie (x)
S3 Bucket Scanner (x)
Amazon GuardDuty
AWS IAM Access Analyzer

28. An organization wants to ensure the files that it stores in S3 are secure at rest.
What functionality would provide this security?
Client-Side Encryption
Infrequent Access
Presigned URLs
Server-Side Encryption (x)

29. A developer has a web application that is behind an Application Load Balancer. They want to protect their web app against common attack patterns, such as SQL injection or cross-site scripting.
Which AWS Service will meet this requirement?
AWS Security Hub
AWS GuardDuty
AWS Shield
AWS WAF (x)

30. A company wants to ensure that Termination Protection is turned on for all their EC2 instance.
Which AWS service can ensure this configuration remains set and could possibly remediate the issue automatically?
AWS CloudFormation
AWS GuardDuty
AWS IAM Role
AWS Config (x)

31. What actions within an AWS Account can only be performed by an AWS Account root user?
(Choose 3)
Turn on Mult-Factor Authentication (x)
Create an Account
Rotate AWS Access Keys
Create an AWS Organization (x)
Updating Billing Information (x)

32. A company has an EC2 instance running and suddenly the server was terminated. It's suspected that a junior developer may have terminated this instance by mistake.
Which AWS service will help determining who was responsible?
Trusted Advisor
CloudWatch Logs
AWS Inspector
CloudTrail (x)

33. A customer has data that resides within an Amazon S3 Bucket.
Who is responsible for ensuring that the data has Server Side Encryption?
AWS is responsible
The customer is responsible (x)

34. An organization wants to download a compliance report to attest that AWS meets regulatory compliance before they decide to adopt AWS as their primary cloud service provider.
Which AWS service will meet this requirement?
Amazon Inspector
Amazon Regulatory Reporter
AWS Customer Compliance Center
AWS Artifact (x)

35. Which AWS Managed Job Function provides full access to AWS services and resources, but does not allow management of Users and groups?
AdministratorAccess
ViewOnlyAccess
SystemAdministrator
PowerUserAccess (x)

36. An organization has many departments that manage its own AWS accounts.
The Chief Information Officer(CIO) has a concern about the departments operating their own ShadowIT due to a lack of security controls.
Which AWS Service can be implemented to allow AWS Account owners to access a list of technology stacks built by the company that is pre-approved and self-serve?
AWS Stack List
AWS Organizations
AWS Systems Manager
AWS Service Catalog (x)

37. Which of the following AWS security services enable you to implement a collection of security measures and adjustments?
(Choose 2)
AWS Config (x)
AWS Managed Rules
AWS GuardRails
AWS Security Hub (x)

38. The customer is responsible for security in the cloud.
False
True (x)

38. Which of the following Compliance certifications attests to the security of the AWS platform regarding credit card transactions?
ISO 27001
SOC 2
FedRamp
PCI DSS Level 1 (x)

39. A company needs to run batch jobs a few times throughout the year.
These jobs can be interrupted and resumed with no impact on the business.
Which instance EC2 Pricing Model is the most cost-effective option?
On-Demand
Dedicated Hosts
Reserved
Spot (x)

40. Which AWS service is used to calculate the Total Cost of Ownership?
TCO Calculator
AWS Budgets
AWS Cost Explorer
AWS Pricing Calculator (x)

41. A company has three different versions of its web application running in a single AWS account. Each version has wildly different architectures and must remain running due to legacy multi-year licensing agreements.
The company wants to isolate the combined cost of each version of its web application's infrastructure.
Which AWS billing feature or service would meet this requirement?
AWS Budgets
AWS Cost and Usage Reports
AWS Cost Explorer
Cost Allocation Tags (x)

42. A Billing Administrator has been asked to forecast the combined costs of RDS and EC2 instances running in the production AWS account for the next three months.
The Billing Administrator may need to create an adjustment to the forecast multiple times throughout the month and compile it as a report for the CFO.
Which AWS Billing service will meet these requirements?
AWS Budgets
AWS Forecast
AWS Cost and Usage Reports
AWS Cost Explorer (x)

43. An organization wants to programmatically observe if pricing information for various EC2 instance sizes changes within their region.
How would this organization accomplish this?
AWS Pricing Calculator
AWS Pricing SDK
AWS Budgets
AWS Pricing API (x)

44. An enterprise using AWS wants to provide to its billing department a detailed breakdown of the costs and usage of various services. They want the report in a CSV file for the month to the current date so they can analyze the data within Microsoft Excel.
Which AWS Billing service would meet this requirement?
AWS Cost Explorer
AWS Budgets
AWS Pricing Calculator
AWS Cost and Usage Reports (x)

45. A startup company is adopting a cloud-native approach by building its web application using AWS cloud services.
Which of the following cloud benefits will help keep their operational costs low?
(Choose 2)
Pay-as-you-go pricing (x)
Economy of scale
Elasticity (x)
High Availability

46. In order to use CloudWatch Alarms to monitor Billing information, what two things must you do?
(Choose 2)
Create an AWS Cost and Usage Report
Create a Billing Alarm
Create an AWS Budget (x)
Enable Cost and Usage Reports (x)
Enable Billing Alerts

47. An enterprise using AWS wants to provide to its billing department a detailed breakdown of the costs and usage of various services. They want the report in a CSV file for the month to the current date so they can analyze the data within Microsoft Excel.
Which AWS Billing service would meet this requirement?
AWS Cost Explorer
AWS Budgets
AWS Pricing Calculator
AWS Cost and Usage Reports (x)

48. A company has multiple EC2 instances managed by an Auto Scaling Group and accessed via an Application Load Balancer. These instances are used to run internal company services and are not expected to experience significant changes in traffic or usage over the next year.
Which of the following EC2 pricing models would be most suitable for reducing the cost of these servers?
On-Demand
Dedicated
Spot
Reserved Instances (x)

49. A company has been outputting AWS Cost and Usage Reports to an S3 Bucket.
The Chief Financial Officer(CFO) of the company wants to use an AWS service to visualize this cost.
Which AWS service would be ideal for this use case?
AWS Tableau
Amazon Quicksight (x)

50.  A company is evaluating whether to move its workloads to AWS Cloud from on-premise.
The Chief Executive Officer wants to understand how moving to AWS will impact their IT team that currently manages their on-premise infrastructure.
What will happen to the IT team?
The company's IT team will need to be let go. AWS will take care of the underlying infrastructure and the underlying infrastructure in most cases is not accessible or is abstracted away from the AWS customers.
AWS does not manage the underlying infrastructure, your IT Team will work with AWS IT teams directly to provide the physical infrastructure needed to run your cloud workloads.
The IT team can be shifted away from managing infrastructure to revenue-generating activities.  (x)

51. What is the advantage of decoupling services vs having a large monolithic application?
Create a tightly integrated application
Improved Performance
Better data flow between IP socks
Reduce inter-dependencies so failures do not impact critical services (x)

52. A company is building out a proof-of-concept on AWS to kick start their migration to the cloud. Previously the developers would need to submit a request to their centralized IT department to set up a physical machine with a hypervisor installed to utilize Virtualisation.
However, with AWS they can self-provision resources within minutes.
What best describes this cloud benefit?
Elasticity
Global Reach
Reliability
Agility (x)

53. A company has a web application that they determined requires at least 2 running servers to meet their operational performance service level agreements (SLAs) with their customers.
The company has deployed 3 identical servers across 3 different availability zones in a single region.
Which AWS Cloud benefit does this describe?
Elasticity (x)
Reliability
Global Reach
High Availability

54. A new company has decided they will exclusively run all of their infrastructure on AWS.
What is the name of this cloud deployment model?
(Choose 2)
Cloud-First
On-Premise
Hybrid (x)
Cloud-Native (x)

55. What best describes Right-Sizing EC2 instances?
(Choose 3)
Matching workload performance and capacity requirements based on quarterly or annual timelines
Identifying opportunities to eliminate or downsize without compromising capacity or other requirements, (x)
Prioritize speed and performance over cost
Continually analyzing instance performance and usage needs and patterns (x)
Matching workload performance and capacity requirements at the lowest possible cost (x)

56. Which of the following best describes the AWS Cloud benefit of Scalability?
A company application can right-size (provision instances to match workloads) (x)
A company's application will have a guaranteed uptime anywhere in Noth America, even in the chance of a single region failing.
A company can launch copies of its application anywhere in the world within minutes.
A company offers an application or system that can adapt to the increase in demand over time.

57. A company has an existing web application running on AWS Cloud within North America.
The company has observed an increase of users from Asia however due to the distance between the customer and the North American these users are experiencing severe latency.
The company decides to launch an identical server within an Asia Region to reduce the latency.
Which benefit of AWS Cloud does this best describe?
High Availability
Economy of scale
Agility
Global Reach (x)

58. Which of the following are examples of Capital Expenses (CAPEX)?
(Choose 2)
Network Costs (x)
Subscription for software license
Billing Based on Compute Metrics
IT Personnel (x)
Datacenter Costs

59. A company has an existing on-premise relational database. They want to migrate this database to the cloud and are willing to adopt a NoSQL database in order to gain managed sharding and provisioned throughput with a guarantee of performance at any scale.
Which NoSQL offering on AWS would be suited for this workload?
Amazon Aurora
Amazon Neptune
Amazon Relational Database Service
DocumentDB
DynamoDB (x)

60. An organization is migrating its Microsoft SQL Server to AWS Cloud; however, they have already purchased a software license from Microsoft for its SQL Server. Unfortunately, the license does not include Software Assurance.
Is it possible for an organization to Bring-Your-Own-License (BYOL) to AWS, and how would they achieve this?
Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) via AWS License Manager (x)
Import your license via AWS License Manager. Use any compute service you like
Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host integrated with AWS License Manager.

61. What are three key factors from the twelve-factor app pattern methodology that play a role in designing for failure?
(Choose 3)
Breakability (x)
Logs
Events Streams
Dev/prod parity (x)
Disposability (x)

62a. Considering NovaTech's need for stringent data security and compliance,
which AWS service would be most appropriate for managing identity access and ensuring secure sign-on processes?
AWS Directory Service
Amazon Cognito
AWS Key Management Service (KMS) (x)
AWS Identity Management Service (IAM)

62b. NovaTech is concerned about unexpected costs in AWS. What tool would you recommend they use to monitor and control their AWS spending?
AWS Price List API
AWS Trusted Advisor
Amazon CloudWatch (x)
Budgets and AWS Cost Explorer

62c. Given NovaTech's extensive data storage needs for AI model training, which AWS storage service would you recommend that balances performance, scalability, and cost?
AWS Storage Gateway (x)
Amazon Elastic File System (EFS)
Amazon S3
Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)

62d. How would you ensure high performance and low latency for NovaTech's AI applications, considering their global expansion plans?
AWS Lambda
Amazon Elastic Cache (x)
AWS Global Accelerator
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling

62e. Suggest a disaster recovery plan for NovaTech's critical AI applications and data on AWS.
AWS Backup
Amazon RDS Multi-AZ Deployments (x)
AWS Elastic Disaster Recovery

63. A startup company is adopting a cloud-native approach by building its web application using AWS cloud services.
Which of the following cloud benefits will help keep their operational costs low?
(Choose 2)
Economy of scale
Elasticity (x)
High Availability
Pay-as-you-go pricing (x)

64. A company is planning to migrate their virtual machines from on-premise to AWS.
The company wants to take advantage of EC2 Auto Scaling, which will allow them to programmatically and automatically add or remove servers to meet the demand at any given time.
Which benefit of cloud computing best describes this scenario?
Agility
Economy of scale
High Availability
Elasticity (x)

65. Which of the following benefits would be attractive to a company moving from on-premise to AWS? (Choose 3)
(Choose 3)
Flexible (x)
Control of Physical Servers
Secure (x)
Cost-Effective (x)