1. What are three key factors from the twelve-factor app pattern methodology that play a role in designing for failure?
(Choose 3)
Disposability
Breakability
Logs
Dev/prod parity
Events Streams

2. A small business wants to deploy a Wordpress website with a custom domain on AWS but they have minimal knowledge of AWS.
Which AWS service offering would be the easiest solution for this customer?
AWS Amplify
AWS Elastic Beanstalk
AWS CodeStar
Amazon LightSail

3. What actions within an AWS Account can only be performed by an AWS Account root user?
(Choose 3)
Updating Billing Information
Turn on Mult-Factor Authentication
Create an Account
Create an AWS Organization
Rotate AWS Access Keys

4. A company has a web application that they determined requires at least 2 running servers to meet their operational performance service level agreements (SLAs) with their customers.
The company has deployed 3 identical servers across 3 different availability zones in a single region.
Which AWS Cloud benefit does this describe?
Reliability
Elasticity
Global Reach
High Availability

5. Considering NovaTech's need for stringent data security and compliance, which AWS service would be most appropriate for managing identity access and ensuring secure sign-on processes?
AWS Directory Service
Amazon Cognito
AWS Key Management Service (KMS)
AWS Identity Management Service (IAM)

6. NovaTech is concerned about unexpected costs in AWS. What tool would you recommend they use to monitor and control their AWS spending?
AWS Price List API
AWS Trusted Advisor
Amazon CloudWatch
Budgets and AWS Cost Explorer

7. Given NovaTech's extensive data storage needs for AI model training, which AWS storage service would you recommend that balances performance, scalability, and cost?
AWS Storage Gateway
Amazon Elastic File System (EFS)
Amazon S3
Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)

8. How would you ensure high performance and low latency for NovaTech's AI applications, considering their global expansion plans?
AWS Lambda
Amazon Elastic Cache
AWS Global Accelerator
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling

9. Suggest a disaster recovery plan for NovaTech's critical AI applications and data on AWS.
AWS Backup
Amazon RDS Multi-AZ Deployments
AWS Elastic Disaster Recovery

10. An organization is migrating its Microsoft SQL Server to AWS Cloud; however, they have already purchased a software license from Microsoft for its SQL Server. Unfortunately, the license does not include Software Assurance.
Is it possible for an organization to Bring-Your-Own-License (BYOL) to AWS, and how would they achieve this?
Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) via AWS License Manager
Import your license via AWS License Manager. Use any compute service you like
Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host integrated with AWS License Manager.

11. Which of the following best describes the AWS Cloud benefit of Scalability?
A company's application will have a guaranteed uptime anywhere in Noth America, even in the chance of a single region failing.
A company application can right-size (provision instances to match workloads)
A company can launch copies of its application anywhere in the world within minutes.
A company offers an application or system that can adapt to the increase in demand over time.

12. Which of the following are examples of Capital Expenses (CAPEX)?
(Choose 2)
Datacenter Costs
Network Costs
Subscription for software license
IT Personnel
Billing Based on Compute Metrics

13. A developer wants to gain remote access to an EC2 Instance running Linux without the need of managing a key pair.
What EC2 feature will meet this requirement?
AWS Key Management Service (KMS)
EC2 Key Pairs
AWS IAM Role
Sessions Manager

14. An organization has many departments that manage its own AWS accounts.
The Chief Information Officer(CIO) has a concern about the departments operating their own ShadowIT due to a lack of security controls.
Which AWS Service can be implemented to allow AWS Account owners to access a list of technology stacks built by the company that is pre-approved and self-serve?
AWS Organizations
AWS Stack List
AWS Systems Manager
AWS Service Catalog

15. Which AWS security services are capable of detecting publicly accessible S3 buckets in an organization where multiple departments manage their own AWS accounts?
(Choose 2)
AWS IAM Access Analyzer
Amazon Detector
Amazon Macie
Amazon GuardDuty
S3 Bucket Scanner

16. What is the recommended measure for protecting your root account?
(Choose 2)
MFA
Write down your password on paper and store it in a vault
Delete all access keys
Rotate secret keys
Principle of Least Privledge

17. A startup company is adopting a cloud-native approach by building its web application using AWS cloud services.
Which of the following cloud benefits will help keep their operational costs low?
(Choose 2)
Elasticity
Economy of scale
High Availability
Pay-as-you-go pricing

18. In order to use CloudWatch Alarms to monitor Billing information, what two things must you do?
(Choose 2)
Enable Billing Alerts
Create an AWS Cost and Usage Report
Create a Billing Alarm
Enable Cost and Usage Reports
Create an AWS Budget

19. Which of the following are services where you don’t need to manage the underlying Infrastructure. Choose 2 answers from the options given below.
(Choose 2)
EC2
DynamoDB
Simple Storage Service
AWS Autoscaling

20. Your company is running a database on RDS and performs read-heavy database workloads on a regular basis. Which feature of RDS would help reduce the load to the primary database instance?
Cross Region Replication
Multi-AZ
Read Replicas
Performance Insights

21. Which of the following is not a category recommendation given by the AWS Trusted Advisor?
Fault tolerance
Cost Optimization
Security
High Availability
Performance

22. Which of the following can not be used to work with AWS services programmatically?
AWS CloudShell
AWS SDK
AWS Console
AWS CLI

23. Which of the following does AWS perform on its behalf for EBS volumes to make it less prone to failure?
Replication of the volume across Regions
Replication of the volume across Availability Zones
Replication of the volume in the same Availability Zone
Replication of the volume across Edge locations

24. Which of the following storage options is best when you want to store archive data?
Amazon EBS
Amazon Storage Gateway
Amazon Glacier
Amazon S3

25. Which of the following service is most useful when a Disaster Recovery method is triggered in AWS?
Amazon SQS
Amazon SNS
Amazon Route 53
Amazon Inspector

26. Which of the below cannot be used to get data onto Amazon S3 Glacier?
AWS Glacier SDK
AWS Glacier API
AWS Console
AWS S3 Lifecycle policies

27. Which of the following services can provide a complete audit trail of all AWS services used within an account?
Amazon EC2 instance usage report
AWS Trusted Advisor
AWS Cloud Trail logs
Amazon CloudWatch

28. Your company is planning to use the AWS Cloud. But there is a management decision that resources need to split department wise. And the decision is tending towards managing multiple AWS accounts. Which of the following would help in effective management and also provide an efficient costing model.
AWS Trusted Advisor
Amazon Dev Pay
AWS Organizations
AWS Cost Explorer

29. Your company is planning to move to the AWS Cloud. You need to give a presentation on the cost perspective when moving existing resources to the AWS Cloud. When it comes to Amazon EC2, which of the following is an advantage when it comes to the cost perspective.
The ability to choose low cost AMI’s to preparethe EC2 Instances
Having the ability of automated backups of the EC2 instance, so that you don’t need to worry about the maintenance costs.
The ability to only pay for what you use
Ability to tag instances to reduce the overallcost

30. True or False: AWS is responsible for the security of managed Foundation Services, such as Amazon RDS.
True
False

31. Which of the following services helps provide a dedicated connection from on-premise infrastructure to resources hosted in the AWS Cloud without using the public internet?
AWS VPN
AWS VPC
AWS Direct Connect
AWS Subnets

32. Which of the following can be used to increase the fault tolerance of an application?
Deploying resources across multiple VPC’s
Deploying resources across multiple edgelocations
Deploying resources across multiple Availability Zones
Deploying resources across multiple AWS Accounts

33. Which of the following statements are FALSE when it comes to elasticity?
(Choose 2)
Diverting traffic to instances based on the demand
Diverting traffic across multiple regions
Diverting traffic to instances with high loads
Diverting traffic to instances with the least load

34. A company is exploring the AWS services and wants a tool or method to estimate the cost that fits their business use case.
Which of the following would help them model their solutions and estimate the calculated cost for the services needed?
AWS Cost Explorer
AWS Config
AWS Pricing Calculator
AWS Consolidating billing

35. You are planning on deploying a video-based application onto the AWS Cloud. Users across the world will access these videos. Which of the below services can help efficiently stream the content to users across the globe?
Amazon Cloudtrail
Amazon SES
Amazon CloudFront
Amazon S3

36. Which of the following components of the CloudFront service can be used to distribute content to users across the globe.
Amazon Regions
Amazon VPC
Amazon Edge locations
Amazon Availability Zones

37. Which of the following features of an Amazon VPC allows your VPC to span multiple Availability Zones?
Subnet
Network Access Control Lists
None of these
Route Tables

38. Which of the following are advantages of having infrastructure hosted on the AWS Cloud?
Choose 2 answers from the options given below.
(Choose 2)
Having the pay as you go model
Having complete control over the physical infrastructure
Having no need to worry about security
No Upfront costs

39. Which of the following MySQL-compatible databases has the capability to automatically scale up its storage size?
Amazon DynamoDB
Amazon RDS Microsoft SQL Server
Amazon RDS MySQL
Amazon Aurora

40. Which of the following features of RDS allows for data redundancy across regions
Cross region replication
Using snapshots
Using Multi-AZ feature
Creating Read Replica’s

41. Which AWS can be used to mitigate DDoS attacks?
(Choose 2)
Cloudfront
AWS EC2
S3
AWS Shield

42. A company is deploying a three-tier, highly available web application to AWS. Which service provides durable storage for static content while utilizing lower Overall CPU resources for the Business layer?
Amazon EBS volume
Amazon EC2 Instance Store
Amazon RDS Instance
Amazon S3

43. When creating security groups, which of the following is a responsibility of the customer. Choose 2 answers from the options given below.
(Choose 2)
Giving a name and description for the security group
Ensure the rules are applied immediately
Ensure the security groups are linked to the Elastic Network interface
Defining the rules as per the customer requirements.

44. As per the AWS Customer Support Policy, penetration testing of EC2 instances:
May be performed by AWS, and will be performed by AWS upon customer request.
Are expressly prohibited under all circumstances.
May be performed by AWS, and is periodically performed by AWS.
May be performed by the customer on their own instances, only if performed from EC2 instances.
May be performed by the customer on their own instances without prior approval from AWS.

45. Which AWS Support plan gives access to a Support Concierge?
(Choose 2)
Enterprise On-Ramp
Developer
Business
Enterprise

46. Which AWS service allows you to link multiple AWS accounts together?
(Choose 2)
AWS Consolidated Billing
AWS Config
IAM
AWS Organizations

47. You plan to deploy an application on the AWS. This application needs to be PCI Compliant Which of the below steps are needed to ensure the compliance? Choose 2 answers from the below:
(Choose 2)
Choose AWS services which are PCI Compliant
Ensure the AWS Services are made PCI Compliant
Do an audit after the deployment of the application for PCI Compliance
Ensure the right steps are taken during application development for PCI Compliance

48. You need to host a file in a location that's publicly accessible from anywhere in the world. Which AWS service would best meet that need?
EC2
RDS
EBS
S3

49. A Disaster Recovery Strategy on AWS should be based on launching resources in a separate :
Subnet
Security Group
Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)
AWS Region

50. In AWS billing, what option can be used to ensure costs can be reduced if you have multiple accounts?
Costs are automatically reduced for multiple accountsby AWS.
Consolidated billing
It is not possible to reduce costs with multipleaccounts
Combined billing

51. Which of the following are benefits of the AWS's Relational Database Service (RDS)?
(Choose 2)
It allows you to store unstructured data
You can resize the capacity accordingly
It allows you to store NoSQL data
Automated patches and backups

52. Which of the following is the amount of storage that can be stored in the Simple Storage service?
5 TB
Virtually unlimited storage
1 PB
1 TB

53. When working on the costing for on-demand EC2 instances, which of the following attributes determine the cost of the EC2 Instance?
(Choose 3)
Instance Type
Location Type
Edge location
AMI Type

54. A company is deploying a two-tier, highly available web application to AWS. Which service provides durable storage for static content while utilizing lower Overall CPU resources for the web tier?
Amazon EC2 instance store
Amazon S3
Amazon RDS instance
Amazon EBS volume

55. What are the four levels of AWS Premium Support?
Developer, Business, Free, Basic
Developer, Business, Enterprise On-Ramp, Enterprise
All support is free
Basic, Startup, Business, Enterprise

56. In AWS, which security aspects are the customer’s responsibility?
(Choose 4)
Life-cycle management of IAM credentials
Patch management on the EC2 instance’s guest operating system
Decommissioning storage devices
None
Encryption of EBS (Elastic Block Storage) volumes
Security Group and ACL (Access Control List)settings
Controlling physical access to computing resources

57. What is the AWS service provided which provides a fully managed NoSQL database service that provides fast and predictable performance with seamless scalability.
Oracle RDS
DynamoDB
Elastic Map Reduce
AWS RDS

58. You want to monitor the CPU utilization of an EC2 resource in AWS. Which of the below services can help in this regard
AWS Inspector
AWS Cloudwatch
AWS Trusted Advisor
AWS Cloudtrail

59. Which of the following IAM identities allow an application deployed on an EC2 instance to write data to S3 in a secure manner?
AWS IAM Groups
AWS IAM Roles
AWS IAM Permissions
AWS IAM Users

60. Which of the following are attributes to the costing for using the Simple Storage Service. Choose 2 answers from the options given below
(Choose 2)
Number of S3 buckets
The total size in gigabytes of all objects stored.
Using encryption in S3
The storage class used for the objects stored.

61. Which security feature can be used in a VPC subnet to protect against incoming traffic requests?
Subnet Groups
NACL
Security Groups
AWS Inspector

62. Which of the following service enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources?
AWS Cloudwatch
AWS Config
AWS SNS
AWS CloudTrail

63. What AWS service has built-in DDoS mitigation?
EC2
CloudFront
CloudWatch
CloudTrail

64. You are exploring what services AWS has off-hand. You have a large number of data sets that need to be processed. Which of the following services can help fulfil this requirement.
Glacier
EMR
Storage gateway
S3

65. You want to take a snapshot of an EC2 Instance and create a new instance out of it. In AWS what is this snapshot equivalent to?
EC2 Snapshot
AMI
EBS Snapshot
EBS Volumes

66. Which of the following is an example of a service in which the customer's responsibilities may shift compared to using EC2?
Amazon RDS
Amazon DynamoDB
Amazon SQS
Amazon S3

67. Where can you find documentation on AWS security best practices and official documents?
AWS Knowledge Center
AWS Systems Manager
AWS Glue
AWS Marketplace

68. What design principle suggests that applications should be designed to perform multiple tasks simultaneously?
Think parallel
Think distributed
Think redundant
Think scalable

69. Which of the following is true about managed policies in IAM?
They are defined and managed by the AWS Customer
They can only be attached to IAM groups
They are defined and managed by AWS
They cannot be modified by the AWS Customer

70. A company is migrating to the AWS Cloud instead of running its infrastructure on-premises.
Which of the following are advantages of this migration? (Choose two.)
(Choose 2)
Increased global reach and agility
Elimination of the need to perform security auditing
Redundancy by default for all compute services
Ability to deploy globally in minutes

71. What is the role of capital expenses (CapEx) in a Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) proposal?
They are a one-time cost associated with the purchase of physical assets.
They are expenses related to employee salaries and benefits.
They are expenses related to software licensing and maintenance.
They are ongoing expenses related to the operation and maintenance of physical assets.

72. What is the benefit of AWS cloud's managed services?
They enable users to pay only for the resources they use without any upfront costs or long-term commitments.
They enable users to access resources and services that are always available and fault-tolerant.
They reduce the burden of managing infrastructure and allow users to focus on their core business.
They allow users to quickly and easily provision resources.

73. Which two benefits can be gained from migrating to the AWS Cloud? (Choose 2)
(Choose 2)
Operational resilience
Increased staff retention
Discounts for products on Amazon.com
Business agility
Business Excellence

74. What is the role of the Concierge in the AWS Enterprise Support Plan?
To manage AWS resources.
To provide technical expertise for the full range of AWS services and obtain a detailed understanding of your use case and technology architecture.
To serve as your primary point of contact and provide assistance with billing or account inquiries.
To inspect your AWS environment and alert you of opportunities to save money

75. Which of the following AWS services provides a fully managed serverless computing platform that enables you to run code without provisioning or managing servers?
AWS Lambda
Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS)
Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS)
Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)

76. What is AWS Direct Connect?
A dedicated network connection provided by AWS between a customer’s datacenter and AWS
A private internet connection provided by AWS
A VPN connection provided by AWS
A public internet connection provided by AWS

77. What is the primary purpose of AWS User and Identity Management capabilities?
To securely store data in the cloud
To host scalable web applications in the cloud
To create secure backups of data in the cloud
To allow users to access resources in the cloud

78. What are the three main cloud models?
Public Cloud, Private Cloud, Hybrid
Cloud-only, Hybrid, Virtual Machines
On-premises, Hybrid, Virtual Machines
On-premises, Cloud-native, Hybrid

79. How does the AWS cloud enable users to focus on business value?
By offering managed services that automate common administrative tasks
By offering pay-as-you-go pricing that enables users to start small and scale up as their needs grow
By providing a comprehensive set of security services and features
By providing a global infrastructure with regions and availability zones spread across the world

80. Which of the following resources for technology support on AWS provides technical guidance, planning, and ongoing support to help customers achieve their business objectives?
Technical Account Managers
AWS Support Cases
Premium Support
AWS Abuse

81. Which of the following benefits of AWS cloud refers to the ability to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your data and resources?
Security
High Availability
Elasticity
Reliability

82. Which of the following operations would reduce costs by moving to the cloud?
Right-sizing infrastructure
Manually managing infrastructure
Using legacy software that is not compatible with the cloud
Increasing compliance scope

83. What is the MOST operationally efficient solution to delegate permissions for an EC2 instance to access AWS resources such as S3 and DynamoDB?
Creating an IAM user and using its access key and secret access key to create a CLI profile in the EC2 instance
Creating an IAM role with the required permissions and attaching the role to the administrative IAM user
Create an IAM role with the required permissions and attach the role to the EC2 instance.
Creating an IAM user and using its access key and secret access key in the application

84. What is a use case for considering the use of multiple AWS Regions related to data sovereignty?
To simplify resource management
To improve security
To comply with local regulations
To minimize the cost of data transfer

85. Which AWS service provides managed databases?
Amazon Athena
Amazon RDS
Amazon S3
Amazon EMR

86. What strategy can be implemented to reduce compliance scope, such as reporting?
(Choose 3)
Growing the team responsible for compliance
Reducing customer data stored
Shifting existing compliance efforts elsewhere
Adjusting the existing compliance strategy with automation
Reducing the business area covered by compliance policies

87. Which of the following is an advantage of implementing elasticity in the cloud as opposed to on-premises?
On-premises environments are more cost-effective for elastic workloads.
On-premises environments can handle unpredictable traffic patterns more efficiently.
Cloud providers allow for on-demand provisioning of resources.
Cloud providers offer unlimited resources without additional cost.

88. Which one of these is a design principle for AWS?
Test First
Think Parallel
Detail Orientation
Error handling

89. How can multiple AWS accounts aid in allocating costs across departments?
By providing separate access control for each department
By allowing departments to share resources without additional costs
By providing separate billing for each department
By consolidating billing into a single payment

90. What is AWS Storage Gateway?
A managed service that provides you with a Software Defined Network (SDN) solution to control traffic types and prioritize applications.
A hybrid storage service that enables on-premises applications to use AWS storage services
A service that provides high-speed internet access from home.
A service that allows you to store and retrieve data from the internet.

91. Which AWS service or tool should a company use to centrally request and track service limit increases?
AWS Service Catalog
AWS Budgets
Service Quotas
AWS Config

92. Which of the following are advantages of the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
(Choose 2)
Increased deployment time to market
High economies of scale
Increased fixed expenses
Ability to quickly change required capacity
AWS management of user-owned infrastructure

93. Which of the following sources can provide technical assistance and knowledge to AWS customers?
Training and certification
Professional services
Amazon Partner Network
All of the options
Solution architects

94. What are some advantages of using Amazon EC2 instances to host applications in the AWS Cloud instead of on-premises? (Choose two.)
(Choose 2)
EC2 has a 100% service level agreement (SLA).
EC2 has a flexible, pay-as-you-go pricing model.
EC2 has automatic storage cost optimization.
EC2 integrates with Amazon VPC, AWS CloudTrail, and AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).
EC2 includes operating system patch management.

95. Which of the following describes the main objective of the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework (CAF)?
To help customers manage their AWS resources and monitor their performance in real-time.
To provide customers with pre-configured AWS Cloud infrastructure, allowing them to quickly deploy applications and services.
To help customers develop and implement effective business and technical strategies for adopting the AWS Cloud.
To help customers migrate all of their on-premises IT infrastructure to the AWS Cloud.

96. A company needs to establish a connection between two VPCs. The VPCs are located in two different AWS Regions. The company wants to use the existing infrastructure of the VPCs for this connection.
Which AWS service or feature can be used to establish this connection?
AWS Direct Connect
VPC endpoints
VPC peering
AWS Client VPN

97. Which of the following options is the recommended way to get billing support on AWS?
Use the AWS Billing and Cost Management dashboard
Use third-party partners and tools
Open a billing support case
Contact your account manager

98. What is the role of the Concierge for AWS Enterprise Support Plan customers?
To provide training and certification support
To provide security and compliance support
To manage AWS billing and cost optimization
To provide technical support for AWS services

99. Which of the following statements best describes Reserved-Instances flexibility in AWS?
Reserved-Instances cannot be modified or exchanged once purchased.
Reserved-Instances can only be modified or exchanged for different instance types or operating systems during the initial purchase.
Reserved-Instances can only be modified or exchanged for different instance types or operating systems for an additional cost.
Reserved-Instances can be modified or exchanged for different instance types or operating systems without additional cost.

100. A company needs to establish a connection between two VPCs. The VPCs are located in two different AWS Regions. The company wants to use the existing infrastructure of the VPCs for this connection.
Which AWS service or feature can be used to establish this connection?
VPC peering
AWS Client VPN
VPC endpoints
AWS Direct Connect

101. You are an AWS Enterprise customer with questions about billing and you overall AWS account? Which of the following AWS support personnel should you contact?
AWS Support
AWS Billing and Accounts
AWS Concierge
AWS Technical Account Manager

102. Which benefit of the AWS Cloud ensures that resources are always available and performing as expected, with minimal downtime or interruptions?
Elasticity
High Availability
Reliability
Security

103. A new company has decided they will exclusively run all of their infrastructure on AWS.
What is the name of this cloud deployment model?
(Choose 2)
On-Premise
Hybrid
Cloud-Native
Cloud-First

104. Which of the following is true about managed policies in IAM?
They are defined and managed by the AWS Customer
They cannot be modified by the AWS Customer
They are defined and managed by AWS
They can only be attached to IAM groups

105. You want to take a snapshot of an EC2 Instance and create a new instance out of it. In AWS what is this snapshot equivalent to?
EBS Snapshot
EC2 Snapshot
AMI
EBS Volumes

106. Which component of the AWS global infrastructure is made up of one or more discrete data centers that have redundant power, networking, and connectivity?
Availability Zone
AWS Region
AWS Outposts
Edge location

107 .Which of the below cannot be used to get data onto Amazon S3 Glacier?
AWS S3 Lifecycle policies
AWS Glacier SDK
AWS Console
AWS Glacier API

108. A company is migrating to the AWS Cloud instead of running its infrastructure on-premises.
Which of the following are advantages of this migration? (Choose two.)
(Choose 2)
Increased global reach and agility
Ability to deploy globally in minutes
Redundancy by default for all compute services
Elimination of the need to perform security auditing

109. How does the AWS cloud enable users to focus on business value?
By offering managed services that automate common administrative tasks
By providing a global infrastructure with regions and availability zones spread across the world
By providing a comprehensive set of security services and features
By offering pay-as-you-go pricing that enables users to start small and scale up as their needs grow